docs: fill README.md (#13)
cluetec/lifeboat: README.md

Source systems:

- [x] Local filesystem
- [ ] PostgreSQL (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] MongoDB (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] HashiCorp Vault (Not implemented yet)

Destination storage systems:

- [x] Local filesystem
- [ ] S3 Bucket (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] Azure Storage Account (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] S/FTP (Not implemented yet)

## 🔥 Motivation

cluetec has been offering [software development services](https://www.cluetec.de/development/digitale-transformation/)
for several years now. We have been contracted with the implementation and initial operation of the software for a large
number of projects. Here we repeatedly encountered the backup issue for various database systems. To avoid having to
copy and adapt shell scripts back and forth every time, we thought about turning these shell scripts into an application
that could be used to back up various database systems with as little adaptation effort as possible.

## 💻 Installation

At the moment we don't provide any installation methods. As we just started the project, we will start with providing
the compiled binaries within the GitHub Releases. Later container images as also helm charts will follow.

## ⚙️ Usage

> Lifeboat is a CLI tool which makes it possible to use it in a various kind of environments like on a local machine, in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lifeboat is a CLI tool which makes it possible to use it in various kind of environments like on a local machine, in a
```

|-------------|---------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `logLevel`  | `info`  | 👎       | Defines the log level of the application. Possible value are: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error` |

#### Source system configuration

All configurations for the source system needs to be placed under the `source` object in the configuration.
Furthermore, we need to define, which source system we want to use. This will be done by setting the `type` field, like
it's done in the following example. The possible values can be found in the respective subsections for each source
system.

```yaml
source:
  type: filesystem
```

##### Filesystem

The following configs need to be place under the following yaml structure:

```yaml
source:
  type: filesystem
  filesystem:
    ...
```

| Yaml Config | Default | Required | Description                                                                                                  |
|-------------|---------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `path`      |         | 👍       | Defines the path in the local filesystem (relative or absolute) to a file or folder that should be backuped. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `path`      |         | 👍       | Defines the path in the local filesystem (relative or absolute) to a file or folder that should be backed up. |
```

# Lifeboat

Lifeboat is an backup tool provided by [cluetec GmbH](https://cluetec.de).
Lifeboat enables the user to create a backup for a range of different systems (e.g. PostgeSQL, MongoDB) and storing the backup also in different storage systems (e.g. S3 Buckets, Azure Blob, S/FTP, local disk).

## ✅ Supported Systems

Source systems:

> - Local filesystem

Reviewer: Maybe use checkboxes here, indicating which systems lifeboat already supports?

- PostgeSQL (Not implemented yet)
- MongoDB (Not implemented yet)
- HashiCorp Vault (Not implemented yet)

Destination storage systems:

- Local filesystem
- S3 Bucket (Not implemented yet)
- Azure Storage Account (Not implemented yet)
- S/FTP (Not implemented yet)

## 🔥 Motivation

## 💻 Installation

## ⚙️ Usage

> Lifeboat is designed as a CLI tool. That allows the user to use it in a large varient of environments like on a local machine, in a unix cronjob, in kubernetes, in a VM, whereever the user wants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lifeboat is a CLI tool which makes it possible to use it in a various kind of environments like on a local machine, in a Unix cronjob, in Kubernetes, in a VM, whereever the user wants.
```

As the tool needs a quite complex configuration it's possible to provide a config file. In addition, it's also possible to provide all configuration via environment variables.

TODO: put here cli help output

### Configuration

> The configurations is divided in three different parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is divided in three different parts:
```

## ✅ Supported Systems

Source systems:

- [x] Local filesystem
- [ ] PostgeSQL (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] MongoDB (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] HashiCorp Vault (Not implemented yet)

Destination storage systems:

- [x] Local filesystem
- [ ] S3 Bucket (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] Azure Storage Account (Not implemented yet)
- [ ] S/FTP (Not implemented yet)

## 🔥 Motivation

## 💻 Installation

At the moment we don't provide any installation methods.
As we just started the project, we will start with providing the compiled binaries with in the GitHub Releases..

## ⚙️ Usage

Lifeboat is a CLI tool which makes it possible to use it in a various kind of environments like on a local machine, in a Unix cronjob, in Kubernetes, in a VM, whereever the user wants.
As the tool needs a quite complex configuration it's possible to provide a config file. In addition, it's also possible to provide all configuration via environment variables.

TODO: put here cli help output

### Configuration

> The configuration is divided in three different parts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration is divided in three different parts:

```
